# Using a framework

Let's rewrite our todo app using a framework!

For this, we'll use [Lit](https://lit.dev), as it's quick to get started with.

## Installing Lit

1. Run `npm install lit`.
2. Run `npm install esbuild`.

## Creating our project

I'll walk you through this process.

## Is this *better*?

When using any framework, or any tool, don't just use it because everyone else is using it. You should only use tools if you really believe they will help. So, back to the question, when using a framework, in this case Lit, was it *better*?

...

I would say no. Our simple todo app was working fine before we used this framework. Even ignoring the size of Lit itself, we still ended up writing about 70 lines of Javascript for our simple todo app, versus about 30 using plain Javascript. While more code isn't necessarily bad, it can hint at unneeded complexity, which can be detrimental in the long run.

And I think you'll probably agree that Lit was much more complicated than plain Javascript. There was more terminology to learn, more arbitrary names to memorise.

So in this case, using a framework was *not* a good idea.

## So why did we do this?

The main reason for this exercise is that it is a simple introduction to the concept of frameworks and a rough overview of the process of working with them.

Frameworks aren't *bad*, they just shouldn't be used indiscriminately. For larger projects, frameworks allow you to write code faster and more safely, while taking care of difficult details.

Later on, we'll be starting a large project, making your own timetable app for SBHS. This will be a fairly large project, and you'll be able to build this however you want, using a framework or not if you choose.